==========================
Notification of Acceptance
==========================

:date: 2023-05-01 17:00:00
:category: news
:authors: Jason K. Moore

From the largest number of submissions ever, we have accepted 68 extended
abstracts for 40 oral and 28 poster presentations for this offering of the
Bicycle and Motorcycle Dynamics conference. Authors have submitted from 17
different countries (Austria, Canada, Chile, Columbia, France, Germany,
Hungary, India, Italy, Japan, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, The
Netherlands, United Kingdom, and United States of America)

Authors should have received notification via email. The first versions of the
accepted extended abstracts are presently publicly viewable on the `Orvium BMD
Community Page`_ alongside the anonymized reviews. Abstracts were selected for
oral and poster presentations based on the ratings and comments provided in the
reviews. The abstracts are labeled "presentation" or "poster" to indicate the
two presentation types.

We gratefully thank the 32 members of the scientific committee for providing
the reviews, TU Delft Open Publishing, Orvium, and our volunteers for managing
the publication workflow, and our organizing committee for making the final
selections. Accepted authors will have until June 30th to make minor
improvements to their abstracts for the versions that will be included in the
proceedings. Authors should also begin preparing their full papers. We will
soon provide the templates and Orvium submission instructions. Finally,
`registration <{filename}/pages/registration.rst>`_ and travel grant
applications are now open.

.. figure:: https://moorepants.info/mechmotum-bucket/orvium-community.png
   :align: center
   :target: https://dapp.orvium.io/communities/63c57270b637ecd577c3a733/view

   `Orvium BMD Community Page`_

.. _Orvium BMD Community Page: https://dapp.orvium.io/communities/63c57270b637ecd577c3a733/view
